Use Case UC1: Filter, Sort and Obtain All European Train Route Connections
Primary Actor: User
Stakeholders and Interests: User: Wants a fast, clear, accurate and detailed way to view, filter and sort European train route options
Preconditions: There is a user.
Success Guarantee (Postconditions): The correct itinerary table is returned for the user’s selected sorting and filtering options.
Main Success Scenario (or Basic Flow):
	A potential traveller loads the webpage.
	The user is presented with a table view. It has header titles (“Total Duration”, “First-Class Price (€)”, “Second-Class Price (€)”, “Transfers”, “Departure City”, “Arrival City”, “Departure Time”, “Arrival Time”, “Train Type”, and “Days of Operation”) in the top row. To the bottom of each “Total Duration”, “First-Class Price (€)”and “Second-Class Price (€)“, there are sorting buttons to flip the order between ascending and descending. For each column (besides “Total Duration” and “Transfers”), there are filtering options. Below them, there is a “Filter” button.
	The user selects filters for all, some or none of the possible columns and clicks the “Filter” button.
	The user is presented with a filtered table (with identical column titles), based on their filters. In the “Transfers” cells, the wait times between train rides are listed line by line.
	The user sorts the table by duration.
	The user is immediately presented with an updated table based on the sorting order.
	The user closes the webpage.
Extensions (or Alternative Flows):
	Clicking on another sorting option nulls the one previously selected.
Special Requirements: A user with an electronic computerized device with an up-to-date browser and an internet connection.
Technology and Data Variations List: A pointer (with mouse, trackpad, touchscreen, trackpoint or other pointing method) to click (or tap), a keyboard (or other typing method) to type (filter) and a display (screen, video projector or other display method) to display the webpage.
Open Issues: Precise filtering and sorting options and user interface decisions, and artistic choices.